TOPIC: Movie
Wonderful story of the world: Japanese short film drama. But every short play is independent.
    Family meeting
    One day, three patients in a car accident with blood were being rescued in the hospital. Suddenly, three heartbeat detectors reported zero at the same time.
  The wife was woken up by the alarm clock from the bed. She sat up in panic and immediately checked her limbs and found no injuries.
  At this time, the husband next to him woke up. He saw his wife’s panic expression and quickly checked his body. Did the wife also have that nightmare?
  Then, the wife prepared breakfast, and the daughter came in and asked: Are we saved? Why are we not hurt at all? Why are we all at home?
  The question raised by her daughter made her husband and wife start to be afraid. They even dreamed of a car accident at the same time.
  At the time of the death, there was a strange voice telling them that as long as one of the them was sacrificed, the remaining two people could survive, but they could not commit suicide. The deadline is midnight on the third day.
   The calendar on the wall only shows three days. There is no one in the street and daughter's school. It seems that the dream is true.
  They must have a family meeting to decide who is going to die. Both husband and wife want to let their daughters survive and die, but they are not willing to kill each other. Both of them secretly tried to commit suicide, but can't die.
  They decided to let it go, and the family spent the rest of the time, because no matter who died, the rest of the two would not be happy.
  The next day, the husband called his wife to the second floor. The suddenly broken staircase railing almost killed his wife. The wife was very scared. Does the husband want to kill her?
  Only one day left. The wife found that her husband was secretly adding poison to the milk, but the daughter did not like to drink milk. Does the husband want to poison her?
    In the evening, the wife found a letter thrown in the trash. A letter written by her husband to another woman. The letter says: I will kill my wife as soon as possible and go to see you.
    The wife understood that her husband had derailed and wanted to kill her. She had to first kill her husband.
  Soon the last 30 minutes, but the wife is still hesitating. After all, he is her husband.
  Soon only the last five minutes left. She had to made up her mind. Otherwise, all three people will die. She take a knife and walk to the husband who is sleeping. As long as the knife goes down, all the problems will be solved.
  However, she hesitated again. She remembered the warm past of her family's life. Then the husband stands up suddenly: Why don't you kill me? Do you want all of us to die?
  It turned out that the husband did those things to irritate his wife to kill him, so as to keep her wife and daughter's life. But the wife is even more unable to kill him after knowing the truth.
  Suddenly, the daughter runs out, holding the milk with poison in her hand. The frightened husband rushed forward to stop his daughter. But the daughter still drank, and then fell to the ground.
  The husband and wife woke up from the hospital, but the daughter disappeared, leaving only a letter: If I die, my father and mother can still have children, I want to reincarnate into that child.
  The daughter exchanged her life for the rebirth of her parents. However, Just as the couple burst into tears, the nurse pushed her daughter in a wheelchair. The little girl woke up early and just went for a medical examination.
  The daughter said that she had just heard a strange voice: You are unique and no one can replace.